Privacy Policy for Counter.

Last Updated: January 1, 2024

TSARx0 I operate the Counter mobile application development.

This page informs you of my policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use my Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

I use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Information Collection and Use
I collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve my Service to you.

Types of Data Collected
Personal Data:

While using my Service, I may ask you to provide me with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data:

I may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit my Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
Use of Data
TSARx0 uses the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside Bangladesh and choose to provide information to me, please note that I transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Bangladesh and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Security of Data
The security of your data is important to me, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is
